2013 Who is this Man?

Faith by itself isnt enough unless it produces good deeds, it is useless and dead. Though James followed the commandments to the book,
he was never able to understand and support Jesus in the path he walked despite being his brother. It was only when he saw him ressurected
did he realize how foolish he had been. Similarly we too fail to understand the importance of God’s work and the beautiful plan he has in store for us. 
When James realized his responsiblity in accordance with how much his brother sacrificed for us all so that our sins may be forgiven, 
he set out on a mission to spread the word and love of God. This was the great inspiring feat of the man called Jesus. As such it is too our responsibility to 
carry forward the good news to all our brothers and sisters in Christ and live a life pleasing to him.



2015

He still loves.
Do not fear , for i am with you - Isaiah 41:10

This story unfolds  the reign of terror by the Romans and marks 
the beginning of a new dawn . People still have faith  in Lord 
and fathom  hope for a Savior - a Messiah.
The story depicts  the life of Peter who meets  Jesus Christ. 
and leaves all his worldly possessions and priorities behind 
and continues proclaiming the word of Lord. Peter faces many adversaries and witnesses the Holy Spirit guiding his way,
 and dies spreading the love of God.



2016 Solace of Hope

When you go through deep waters, i will be there with you. - Isaiah 43:2


The story of a family and the troubles and trials they went through, at work for the father, the son acting out and the
 abuse faced by the daughter that left them unwelcome to the news of having an addition to the family. In the attempt to cope
 and handle with the situation things just ended up spiraling out of hand.Even when it felt like things would never get better, 
God showed his light and guided them through the darkest night of their lives to help understand the true secret about eternal happiness that it 
is not all about sunshine and flowers but about the rainbow that shines as the dark heavy skies begin to clear. God’s promise to us all.




2017-The Book Store
Ask and you will be given , seek and you shall find Mathew 7:7

This Story revolves around a Book store , not so fancy not so dainty but rather a simple book store, Where people facing challenges in life visit, seeking answers. 
They Would eventually find a book which would ascend them into stories which they could relate in their life and substantially find the strength they need. 
While people are left wondering what they just experienced, later we find that the store is none other than Bible and that the owner is Jesus, 
and Bible will always hold answers to all the problems we seek.